took this course, I got certified, sent to the top of list with a lot of firms
and you'll learn
everything you need to learn. Few days of a storm will pay for it. And
everything that's included,
I'd have probably paid more, honestly. How many other places can you spend x
amount of dollars,
get the education in a week that you need and go out and go to work? The week
of deployment,
you're paying off your training, right? I think it's too valuable not to do it.
That's first when I saw the price tag. It's like that's just too much money.
Honestly,
if I had paid twice that, it probably still would have been worth it. I would
absolutely recommend it.
I'm really glad I did because it's paid off and it paid off quick too. Pretty
much right after I
finished up with your course I got deployed. It's going to save you so much
time and so many
headaches. The connections themselves on top of the training combined is a win-
Win situation because
of that I was able to get my first deployment. It's definitely worth it. If you
go on deployment,
you pay attention to everything that you taught, you're going to make it up in
a day or two and
you might be able to stay on deployment and stay working versus just showing up
, trying to figure
it out. Then all of a sudden you get the call that we don't need you anymore.
So just pay for training.
When I saw the program last year, I hesitated and I wish I did not. Did you get
what you paid for?
Now I can really show up and start closing claims within the first week as a
new adjuster.
Everything that I could ever want to know is searchable in your database. The
resources you get for that
money is incredible. It's no BS. It's all relevant as far as value. You might
you might undervalue that.
I had an email from Sedgwick and an hour after that, a phone call from
Alarity. Neither one of
those companies was just jumping at the door. But the second you send
your thing and
boom, now they're interested. That would have been worth three times what we
paid.
This is a great value and probably truth be not on a little bit under price. Do
your background,
see who the people are that you're looking into for spending this kind of money
for training
and see what kind of value they've already offered the industry.
Worth way more than what it costs. It's what you're going to do and see
when you go out there in the real world. Without the knowledge that I gained,
I would have failed immediately. Probably had a very short career.
I can see why people would be a little shocked at how much it costs. But the
amount of stuff you get,
you're not going to get that anywhere else. I probably would have paid more. I
mean,
if you go work for a career, they're going to invest themselves into you. But
if you're going to be
an independent, you have to invest in yourself. I can't imagine doing this
without a course like
yours. Content to the course probably justifies a little higher price. What I
got from it really
is invaluable to know that I have the knowledge to make the course double
triple quadruple with
word and that happens in one month. Yeah, definitely worth it. Definitely.